1. POC - profe of concept

2. A-B Testing - its experimet when you take 2 variants of page and display
it to difference users. This test helps to determince what version of page's
prefered, liked more by users. For example it can be done with Optimizely and
google analytics a/b tests.

3. CDP - Customer data platform - software creating unified, persistent customer database for needs of other systems.

4. RC - Release Candidate

5. PROXY - A proxy server is used to facilitate security,
administrative control or caching service, among other possibilities.
In a personal computing context, proxy servers are used to enable user privacy 
and anonymous surfing. Proxy servers are used for both legal and illegal purposes.

6. what is DNS. The Domain Name System (DNS) turns domain 
names into IP addresses, which browsers use to load internet pages.
Every device connected to the internet has its own IP address,
which is used by other devices to locate the device.

7. what is Cname record?
- CNAME is just an alias. A Canonical Name or CNAME record is a type of DNS record that maps an alias name to a true 
or canonical domain name.

8. What is SSR?
Server-side rendering (SSR) is a popular technique for rendering 
a client-side single page application (SPA) on the server and then 
sending a fully rendered page to the client. This allows
for dynamic components to be served as static HTML markup.

So its the abilit of a web application to render the web pageon the server
instead of rendering it in the browswer. So when page arrived on the client side,
it is fully rendered. Server fully rendered it for us.
Every time the client navigates to a diferent route, the server will to the work all over again.

9. what is CSR?
Client side rendering. CSR renders the page on the client side. Server
server will send a single page with js file. Later js turn the page into a fully rendered page.
Data comes from api. Server will not send the page again, the client will rerender
the page accodring to the route that client requested. So page is always same as the first request.

10. kebab case, camel case.
kebab case: descriptive-variable-name
camel case: descriptiveVariableName

11. What is canonical urls?
A canonical URL is the URL of the best representative page from a group of duplicate pages, according to Google. For example, if you have two URLs for the same page (for example: example.com? dress=1234 and example.com/dresses/1234 ),
Google chooses one as canonical.

12. What is timestamp?
In JavaScript, a timestamp is the number of milliseconds that have passed since January 1, 1970.